Sunday 29 January 2023

Implement connection relationship
implement block status (ready > starting > running > waiting)
implement block precdence logic to await for all required blocks to complete first
Run the simulation until the last block complete
    set the scenartion time to the current day when all the blocks are complete
    fixed the sequencing to account for blocks strting and completing

    Implemented write to file
    Implements revenue (Market potential)

Next?: write the data to a data frame

Saturday 11 February 2023
to do - Write the csv to a data frame
done - implemented activities for each block
    need to update with final cost this does not work properly.

how do we implement transitional probability?
    first setup iterations in the model.


20230215212538 Cashflow
What is the cashflow of the simulation for one iteration?
We know the total spend for the simulation
We would like to ensure that the allocated budget can fund the development
	if more funding is allocated then development can accelerate, but 
	if the development is funded that development will proceed and generate a ROI
	if development is reduced, then development will decelerate and generate a greater ROI?


 20230216171735
Given
    indication - ex. cardio
    transition - estimate using indication
    market size - population x cost of yearly treatment
        Potential for market failure due to earlier entrant
    Investment funding stream
        10M equity to start the project
        500M equity at the end of Phase 2
        500M funding at 8% when needed for x years 
    
What types of decisions exist for the following:

    When should manufacurting investment be made?
            at the end of a phase?
            at the begining of a phase?
            One facility or 3 large facilities?
    
    Should additional clinical trials be condusted for additional indications?
        

    
    Define the objective function?
            At the end of the project,  the ccf = zero
                                        the NPV at 10% = 0

Single projects
    What is the impact on profitability by concurrent development

Multiple projects

portfolio projects

Start by assuming that the project will succed then apply uncertainty to determine impact on cashflow.

2023021764318 - fixed model create ()nameing for the blocks to prepare for investment decisions.
